The best way to get to know someone is through first impressions. So, imagine if we met one bright sunny day in Central Park, in my resident city of New York, or a nice little area wherever you are from. We might bump into each other randomly, or it would be the route where you decide to help me pick something up because I dropped it because I am clumsy, etc., etc.. Either way, I'd most likely either smile and wave instantly, or forget to for a while, and then suddenly remember I have a bunch of energy and like appearing happy to people. I'd probably be very nice and polite, but if I am in a mood -- not necessarily a bad mood, just... a mood -- I might be overly funny, or seem despondent and downcast. Either way, I'd still try to be as nice as possible. But as a friend of mine recently said: the scourge of humanity burns in our inability to be perfectly empathetic at all times. Anyways, if we talk for long enough, you might realize that I'm super cool! Yay! Or you might find me over-the-top and weird. I don't really care as long as you eventually realize I'm both.
If we speak for long enough. I hope we get to my talents and hobbies. I am a singer-songwriter, a novelist, a coder, a passionate reader, a professional friend (does that somehow sound dirty?), a lover (not gonna actually add that), and much more. I have written 50+ songs. I have written upwards of 250,000-500,000 words combined in various drafts of academic essays, novels, short stories, poems, and more. My favorite class in school is coding, and in my free time I code -- hence the website. If I am interested in a topic, I find a book on it, and read it. And I do so much more, in school and out. I hope you have a pleasant experience on this website, and enjoy learning more about me and my talents! Thank you!